[CI] add prechek logic in job LintModifiedExtension (#1334)
Azure/azure-cli-extensions: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

For new extensions:

- [ ] My extension description/summary conforms to the [Extension Summary Guidelines](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/blob/dev/doc/extensions/extension_summary_guidelines.md).

### About to Publish

There is a pipeline will help you build, upload and publish (update index.json) extension wheel automatically.  
Once your PR is merged into master branch, a new PR will be created to update src/index.json automatically.  

> The precondition is put your code inside this repo and src/index.json must not be modified.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### About Extension Publish

There is a pipeline to automatically build, upload and publish extension wheels.  
Once your PR is merged into master branch, a new PR will be created to update `src/index.json` automatically.  
The precondition is to put your code inside this repo and upgrade the version in the PR but do not modify `src/index.json`. 
```
